oh my gosh it is so hot outside right
now that the humidity is actually
fogging up my lens on my camera that is
just that's just horrible is that'd be
freaking piece oh that's - it's too
freakin hot it it's too hot
oh but at least there's not any freakin
snow I'm kind of liking snow right now
yeah okay so yeah as you probably
noticed already I I dyed my hair again a
different color it's supposed to be
purple but I actually kind of faded so
it's like this pinkish purple take a
look at it yeah it's actually got this
stuff stuff you put in your hair oh my
gosh I'm horrible at explaining things I
can't put my hat back on I'm just gonna
have to set it on my head okay yeah so I
got this stuff it's like color like
purple are you put in your hair and a
daily basis to keep your hair purple
that's the best way I can describe it
some terrible describing things
basically it's a thing okay okay this is
the best way I can describe it it is a
conditioner a conditioner with with dye
in it so that your hair stays purple but
I haven't used it yet but I'll start
using it so my hair stays I like
consistency of purple and not pink I am
lazy I am very lazy how I am i silly
well all I did was put eyeliner on it
and put any other makeup on for one
thing second thing I'm in my fucking
pajamas that's right I'm in my frickin
pajamas right now and I just threw on
this random shirt so I'm very lazy and I
didn't really do my hair much I just
straightened it I have to straighten it
that's like the thing that's mandatory
as I must straighten my hair or it just
bugs the living crap
out of me but then I go outside and the
humidity just kills my hair and then the
straightening was almost pointless but
yeah that's how it works
humanity is is a bitch humidity is a
bitch
oh my arm is hurting my camera's really
heavy and it hurts my arms so I am going
to show you my penis
is a wooden fence some wooden fence
would so in the comments below tell me
what you think of my new hair and such
that be be lovely and apparently dylan
is going to dye his hair red so we'll
see where that goes will be i'll inform
you on what color it will inform you on
Dylan's processing of this red hair
because me and him both dyed her hair
black so bleaching it is a bitch so
we'll see how that goes yeah
you